   TigerGraph
   Software Subscription Agreement
   Enterprise, Enterprise Evaluation, and Developer Edition License Agreement
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS (THIS "AGREEMENT") CAREFULLY BEFORE
DOWNLOADING OR USING THE SOFTWARE ACCOMPANYING THIS AGREEMENT. BY USING THE
SOFTWARE OR BY CLICKING A BUTTON MARKED "I ACCEPT" OR SOMETHING SIMILAR, YOU
AGREE TO USE THE SOFTWARE SOLELY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
OF THIS AGREEMENT, AND YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, ARE BOUND
BY, AND ARE A PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT WITH GRAPHSQL, INC., DBA TIGERGRAPH
(TIGERGRAPH). YOU WARRANT THAT YOU ARE AT LEAST EIGHTEEN YEARS OLD AND THAT
YOU HAVE THE LEGAL CAPACITY TO ENTER INTO CONTRACTS. IF YOU ARE ENTERING INTO
THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY, ORGANIZATION, OR OTHER ENTITY, THEN
(A) "YOU" AS USED HEREIN ADDITIONALLY REFERS TO THAT COMPANY, ORGANIZATION,
OR ENTITY; AND (B) YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO
BIND SUCH COMPANY, ORGANIZATION, OR ENTITY TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET
FORTH HEREIN. "YOUR" and "Customer" MEANS YOU.
YOUR USE OF THE SOFTWARE IS EXPRESSLY CONDITIONED ON YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND
CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOU MAY NOT INSTALL OR USE THE SOFTWARE.

1. Definitions.

a.  "Documentation" means TigerGraph's user information for the Licensed
Software located at: https://docs.tigergraph.com/.

b.  "Licensed Software" means TigerGraph's proprietary software program(s) in
object code only and Software Updates made available by TigerGraph under this
Agreement.

c. "Intellectual Property Rights" means patent, copyright, trade secret,
trademark, or other similar intellectual property rights of any kind or
nature arising under the laws of any jurisdiction, including any so-called
"moral rights"

d. "Software Update" means new versions of, fixes or patches to, or
configuration data changes for, the Licensed Software and Third-Party
Software that TigerGraph generally provides to its customers under Support
and Maintenance Services agreements.

e. "Order Document" or "Order" or "SOW" means an order on the TigerGraph form
of provisioning  document that is submitted by or on behalf of Customer and
executed by or on behalf of the parties referencing this Agreement and that
specifies the Software and/or Services ordered by Customer, as well as the
specific terms and conditions for that particular transaction. document that
is submitted by or on behalf of Customer and executed by or on behalf of the
parties referencing this Agreement and that specifies the Software and/or
Services ordered by Customer, as well as the specific terms and conditions
for that particular transaction.

f. "Services" means those services, including Support and Professional
Services, which may be provided to Customer by TigerGraph pursuant to the
terms of this Agreement and are expressly limited to those services directly
related to Customer's use of the Software, and expressly exclude any other
services.

g. "Subscription Term" means the fixed term, of not less than one (1) year,
designated in an Order Document beginning on the Effective Date and ending at
the end of the period stated therein.  If no expiration date is specified in
an Order Document, the Subscription Term shall be a one (1) year period
("Minimum Subscription Term").  A "Subscription" is the binding,
non-cancelable contract for the use of the Software for the Subscription Term
as set forth in an Order Document. For Clarity, this term does not apply to
evaluation licenses.

h. "Support" means the support and maintenance services, including any
updates, patches, enhancements and bug fixes for the Software that may be
provided to Customer by TigerGraph pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

i.  "Authorized User" means Your employees and consultants who are authorized
to use Licensed Software on Your behalf subject to restrictions in this
Agreement.

j. "Graph Size" means the total number of bytes in Your graph database to
support and be used by, at any one time, an Authorized User.

2. Orders, Delivery, Support

a. Delivery.  For an Enterprise License, TigerGraph will promptly Deliver the
Software for electronic download and any applicable license key after it
accepts an Order and Customer issues a purchase order referencing such Order.
Unless otherwise stated in an Order, Customer is solely responsible for
installing Software on Customer's own computer equipment. In some instances,
Customer's purchasing relationship exists solely between Customer and an
authorized reseller of TigerGraph's Software and Services (a "Reseller"), in
which case Section 7a - 7c (Fees and Payment) will be inapplicable to such
Order(s), and the Reseller shall be responsible for submitting Orders and the
appropriate payment method therewith to TigerGraph. An Order is not binding
until TigerGraph accepts the Order. For an Enterprise Evaluation License or
Developer Edition License, TigerGraph will promptly Deliver the Software and
any applicable license key after Customer satisfies the registration and
qualification procedures.

b. Support. TigerGraph will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide
Support to Customer in accordance with TigerGraph's then-current terms and
conditions set forth at TigerGraph Support Terms and Conditions at the
support tier stated in the applicable Order. The Support terms and conditions
are subject to change at TigerGraph's discretion; however, TigerGraph will
not materially reduce the level of Support during a Subscription Term for
which Fees have been paid. 

3. License and Restrictions.  

a. The Licensed Software is made available either under a Developer License,
an Enterprise Evaluation License, or an Enterprise License, each with its own
Special Conditions.

b. Enterprise Evaluation License.  Subject to Your performance under this
Agreement, TigerGraph grants to You a limited, nonexclusive, non-transferable
license (without the right to sublicense) for 30 days, or for another
duration agreed to in writing by TigerGraph and You, beginning from the date
the Evaluation Edition of the Licensed Software is made available to You (the
Term) to copy and use the Documentation and install and use the Licensed
Software solely in object code form on compatible (in accordance with the
hardware, operating system, and other instructions provided by TigerGraph)
devices owned or controlled by You, solely for Your internal evaluation of
the software. At no time may You use the Licensed Software in the operation
of any business. You may not (and may not permit any third party to) use any
Licensed Software for any benchmarking purposes, or for application service
provider, timesharing or service bureau purposes, or any purpose other than
Your own internal evaluation as contemplated by this Agreement. TigerGraph
may offer to extend the Term at its discretion. By using the Licensed
Software beyond the original Term, you agree to the conditions of this
Agreement for the new Term.

c. Developer Edition License.  Subject to Your performance under this
Agreement, TigerGraph grants to You a limited, nonexclusive, non-transferable
license (without the right to sublicense) to copy and use the Documentation
and install and use the Developer Edition of the Licensed Software solely in
object code form on compatible (in accordance with the hardware, operating
system, and other instructions provided by TigerGraph) devices owned or
controlled by You, solely for Your internal evaluation of the software. The
Term commences when You install or use the Licensed Software and ends when
either party chooses to Terminate the Agreement, according to Section 4.b. At
no time may You use the Licensed Software in the operation of any business.
You may not (and may not permit any third party to) use any Licensed Software
for any benchmarking purposes, or for application service provider,
timesharing or service bureau purposes, or any purpose other than Your own
internal evaluation as contemplated by this Agreement.  Granting Developer
Edition licenses is solely at TigerGraph's discretion, and providing one
version of the Software on a Developer Edition basis does not indicate that
TigerGraph will provide another version of the Software on a similar basis or
make available any updates or upgrades, including those necessary for data
security.  

d. Important Note for Enterprise Edition Customers.  Developer Edition
licenses are ineligible for Support, and Developer Edition Software may not
be used, directly or indirectly, in connection with any Software licenses
that are eligible for Support.  If Customer purchases an Enterprise Edition
license, it will discontinue and/or refrain from any use of the Developer
Edition Software and may request Enterprise Evaluation License(s) for
evaluation purposes.
Notwithstanding anything in this agreement to the contrary, TigerGraph will
have no warranty, indemnity, support or service level obligation with respect
to any Enterprise Evaluation or Developer Edition licenses.

e. Enterprise License.  Subject to Your performance under this Agreement and
the payment of License Fees, TigerGraph grants to You a limited,
nonexclusive, non-transferable license (without the right to sublicense) to
copy and use the Documentation and install and use the Enterprise Edition of
the Licensed Software solely in object code form on compatible (in accordance
with the hardware, operating system, and other instructions provided by
TigerGraph) devices owned or controlled by You.  The Term and other
restriction and limitations shall be stated in the accompanying Order.

f. General Restrictions.  You may not (and may not permit or encourage any
third party to) reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, publicly
display, or publicly perform the Licensed Software in whole or in part, or
use for or provide the Licensed Software to any third party or use the
Licensed Software on behalf of any third party.  Except, and solely to the
extent that such a restriction is impermissible under applicable law or
applicable third party license, You may not (and may not permit any third
party to) (a) reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt
to discover the source code, object code or underlying structure, ideas or
algorithms of the Licensed Software or any other application, software,
documentation or data related to the Licensed Software, or any portion
thereof; or (b) interfere with or circumvent any feature of the Licensed
Software, including, without limitation, any license key designed to monitor
Your compliance with this Agreement; (c) assign, sell, lease, license,
sublicense, or otherwise transfer or attempt to transfer rights to the
Licensed Software; (d) use any Licensed Software other than in accordance
with this Agreement and in compliance with all applicable laws and
regulations (including but not limited to any applicable privacy, data
protection and intellectual property laws) or (e) alter or remove any
copyright, trademark, patent or other proprietary rights notices or labels
that appear on or in the Licensed Software.  You must uninstall and delete
the Licensed Software following termination or expiration of this Agreement. 
You acknowledge that the Licensed Software may contain an automatic
termination feature that renders such Licensed Software non-functional at the
end of the Term. 

g. Ownership. TigerGraph alone (and its licensors, where applicable) will
retain all intellectual property rights relating to the Licensed Software,
and all enhancements, derivatives and modifications thereof, and any
suggestions, ideas, enhancement requests, feedback, recommendations or other
information provided by You or any third party relating to the Licensed
Software, including all applicable Intellectual Property Rights therein, are
all assigned to TigerGraph.  You shall retain ownership of all Your
Confidential Information and data that You use with the Licensed Software,
and no rights to Your Confidential Information or data are transferred or
assigned to TigerGraph, except to use the data solely in performance of
services under this agreement (Your Data). The Licensed Software is licensed
only, and nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted or construed as a
transfer or sale of TigerGraph's ownership rights in the Licensed Software.
Neither party shall challenge the other's Intellectual Property Rights. You
shall not challenge or cause any third party to challenge the validity or
enforceability of TigerGraph's Intellectual Property Rights.

4. Confidentiality.  

a. "Confidential Information" of a party means any confidential or
proprietary knowledge, information, materials, or trade secrets in which such
party has rights, disclosed to the other party ("Receiving Party"), and which
either party would reasonably expect or consider confidential or proprietary
information, including but not limited to, information regarding business
methods, products, services, finances, customers and potential customers,
suppliers, pricing and rates, costs, expenses, marketing, technologies,
properties, specifications, personnel, or organization, in various media,
including but not limited to, oral, written, and electronic data form. 
TigerGraph's Confidential Information includes all Licensed Software,
Documentation, and any other technical information related thereto.
  
b. Confidentiality.  During the Term and continuing until such time
Confidential Information becomes subject to an exception in Section 3.e, each
Receiving Party:  (i) shall treat as strictly confidential all Confidential
Information disclosed by the other party (the "Disclosing Party"); (ii) shall
not disclose, disseminate, distribute, or transfer such Confidential
Information to any third party other than Receiving Party's personnel with a
need to know such information for this Agreement and who are bound by written
obligations of confidentiality no less restrictive than the terms of this
Agreement without  written consent of Disclosing Party; (iii) shall not use
such Confidential Information except solely for its performance under this
Agreement; and (iv) shall protect the Confidential Information by using at
least the same care as the Receiving Party uses to protect its own
confidential information of like nature to prevent any unauthorized access,
use, dissemination, or publication of such Confidential Information, but in
no event less than reasonable care.  The Receiving Party shall promptly
notify the Disclosing Party in writing if it learns of any unauthorized
access, use, dissemination, or publication of such Confidential Information.

c. Compelled Disclosure.  Upon prior written notice (to the extent legally
permissible) to the Disclosing Party, the Receiving Party may disclose
Disclosing Party's Confidential Information to the extent:  (i) required by
law or regulation to be disclosed; or (ii) required by order of a court or
other governmental body.  The Receiving Party agrees to assist the Disclosing
Party (at the Disclosing Party's expense) in all proper ways to limit or
prevent the disclosure of such Confidential Information, and to obtain
confidential treatment for any information so disclosed.  

d. Return of Materials.  The Receiving Party will return or destroy (at the
Disclosing Party's election) all Confidential Information (including all
copies) received from the Disclosing Party within its possession, custody, or
control promptly upon termination or expiration of this Agreement or upon the
earlier written request of the Disclosing Party.  At the request of the
Disclosing Party, after such return or destruction, the Receiving Party shall
certify in writing that such return or destruction has been accomplished.

e. Exceptions.  Confidential Information does not include information which
as evidenced in writing by the Receiving Party: (i) is known to the Receiving
Party or later received from a third party, in each case with no
confidentiality restriction; or (ii) is publicly known or becomes publicly
known and made generally available through no wrongful act of the Receiving
Party

f. Privacy Policy.  You are solely responsible for publishing and maintaining
a privacy policy that adequately provides all notices and obtaining all
consents regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of data using the
Licensed Software and as otherwise provided and will indemnify and hold
harmless TigerGraph from any harm arising because of or for any violation of
the foregoing. You will not provide TigerGraph any personally identifiable
information under this Agreement. You are responsible for Your data and have
the obligation to backup all Your data to avoid loss before, during and after
using the Licensed Software. TigerGraph is not responsible for Your data
loss.

5. Term and Termination. 
 
a. Term.  This Agreement commences on the date the License Software is made
available to You and continues for the Term, unless terminated earlier under
Section 5.b below. 

b. Termination.  This Agreement may be terminated by TigerGraph at any time
at its discretion upon notice to You or by either party if a party breaches
any of its material obligations under this Agreement and the breach, if
capable of being cured, is not cured within thirty (30) days from receipt of
written notice of such breach. 

c. Effect of Termination.  Upon the expiration or termination of this
Agreement all licenses shall immediately terminate and You shall cease all
use of the Licensed Software.  Sections 1, 3d, 3e, 3f, 4, 5.c, 6, 7a, 7b, 7c,
7d, 9, 11, 12 shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement.

6. Third Party Software.

The Licensed Software may be distributed with
certain third-party software components, including open source software
licensed under open source licenses (the "Third-Party Software"). 
Information regarding such Third-Party Software and their terms is available
aggregated into a file named THIRD_PARTY_LICENSES in the technical
documentation provided electronically for the Licensed Software.  Nothing
herein is intended, nor shall be deemed or interpreted, to limit or restrict
any rights you may have under such separate terms.  Such Third-Party Software
is licensed to you under the applicable third party license. Upon request and
at no charge, TigerGraph will provide You with a copy of the source code to
Third Party Software which is open source software. You may not modify or
make derivative works of Third Party Software for use with the Licensed
Software. 

7. Fees and Payment

a. Fees.  Customer will pay TigerGraph the fees for the Licenses and Services
as set forth in the applicable Order ("Fees"). Customer acknowledges and
agrees that if Customer's use of the Software exceeds the Licensed Capacity
set forth on the applicable Orders or otherwise requires the payment of
additional fees (per the terms of this Agreement), Customer shall be invoiced
for such usage and Customer agrees to pay the additional fees in accordance
with this Section 5. 

b. Payment Terms.  Except as otherwise specifically set forth on an Order
Document, all fees are due and payable within thirty (30) days after the date
of invoice. Renewal Fees for any renewal Subscription Term (if purchased by
Customer) will be due and payable within thirty (30) days of expiration of
the then- current term. If Fees are not paid when due, Customer must
discontinue use of the Software and TigerGraph may suspend its performance,
including its delivery of technical support of the Software or other
Services. All Orders (including multi-year Subscriptions with annual payment
schedules) are non- cancellable and all amounts paid are non-refundable,
unless otherwise expressly set forth herein. Any invoiced amount not received
by the due date will accrue late interest at the rate of 1.5% of the
outstanding balance per month, or the maximum rate permitted by applicable
law, whichever is lower.
 
c.  Taxes. Fees are exclusive of taxes. Customer will pay any sales, use,
value added, surtax and personal property taxes, duties, fees and other
governmental assessments or charges arising out of this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated herein, excluding taxes based on TigerGraph's net
income. Customer will make all payments free and clear of, and without
reduction for, any withholding taxes. 

d. Reconciliation. At TigerGraph's request from time to time, not exceeding
once per quarter, Customer will provide TigerGraph with a report detailing
its use of the Software, including its non-production and/or production use
and using the self-monitoring capabilities of the Software or other means,
and TigerGraph may inspect Customer's records related to such report not more
frequently than annually to ensure payment of Fees. Any on site review will
be conducted during regular business hours at Customer's offices and will not
unreasonably interfere with Customer's business. The parties will use
reasonable good faith efforts to promptly resolve any discrepancies between
licensed usage and actual usage.
 
e. Professional Services. TigerGraph shall provide the number of person-days
of professional consulting or training services ("Professional Services")
purchased in the applicable Order Document or online ordering process. The
parties acknowledge that the scope of the Professional Services provided
hereunder consists solely of either or both of: (a) assistance with Software
installation, deployment, and usage; and (b) training in use of the Software.
Each SOW must be signed by both parties before TigerGraph shall commence work
under such SOW. If the parties do not execute a separate SOW, the
Professional Services shall be provided as stated on the Order Document
and/or described in the applicable Services Data Sheet. No Intellectual
Property Rights are transferred, licensed, or granted to Customer under
Professional Services unless otherwise specifically stated in an Order or
SOW. 

8. Limited Warranty

a. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT NO WARRANTY IS PROVIDED FOR THE ENTERPRISE EVALUATION
LICENSE AND THE DEVELOPER EDITION LICENSE, AND TIGERGRAPH AND ITS SUPPLIERS
AND LICENSORS HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER
EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE,
NONINFRINGEMENT, AVAILABILITY, OR RESULTS.  TIGERGRAPH DOES NOT WARRANT THAT
THE LICENSED SOFTWARE WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR THAT THE LICENSED SOFTWARE WILL
WORK WITHOUT INTERRUPTIONS.

b. For Enterprise License, TigerGraph warrants to Customer that for a period
of sixty (60) days after TigerGraph makes the Licensed Software available to
Customer ("Warranty Period"), the Licensed Software and provided Third Party
Software will conform in all material respects to the applicable
Documentation.  Any claims under this warranty must be in writing specifying
the claim and must be received by TigerGraph within the Warranty Period.  If
the Licensed Software fails to conform to this warranty, then TigerGraph
shall have thirty (30) days following receipt of Customer's warranty claim to
make commercially reasonable efforts to repair or replace the Licensed
Software at no charge to Customer.  If TigerGraph is unable to repair or
replace the Licensed Software During the Warranty period, Customer may
terminate this Agreement and receive a pro-rated refund of license fees paid
for the defective Licensed Software. This Section states TigerGraph' sole
obligation and Customer's sole remedy for any breach of this warranty.

9. Your Responsibilities

a. You are solely responsible for the development, content, operation,
maintenance, and use of Your Data. For example, You are solely responsible
for:
i. the technical operation of Your Data, including ensuring that calls You
make to any Service are compatible with then-current APIs for that Service;
ii. compliance of Your Data with third party Acceptable Use Policies and the
law;
iii. any claims relating to Your Data; and
iv. properly handling and processing notices sent to You (or any of Your
affiliates) by any person claiming that Your Data violates such person's
rights, including notices pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act.

b. You are responsible for properly configuring and using the Licensed
Software and taking Your own steps to maintain appropriate security,
protection and backup of Your Data. Such steps may include the use of
encryption technology to protect Your Data from unauthorized access and
routine archiving of Your Data.

c. By default, the Licensed Software is provided without host machines or
networks, meaning that You must select those hosts and networks onto which to
install the Software, and You are solely responsible for appropriately
managing, restricting and monitoring such access and access controls.

d. Log-in credentials and private keys generated by the Licensed Software are
for Your internal use only and You may not sell, transfer, or sublicense them
to any other entity or person, except that You may disclose Your private key
to Your agents and subcontractors to perform work permitted by this Agreement
on Your behalf.

e. You acknowledge that you should implement appropriate protections for Your
Data.

10. Indemnification.

a. Indemnification by TigerGraph.  TigerGraph shall, at its expense, defend,
or at its option settle, any unaffiliated third party claim brought against
You to the extent the claim alleges that the Licensed Software (excluding any
Third Party Software) as delivered to You and used as authorized in this
Agreement and as provided in any instructions or documentation, infringes any
U.S. Patent or copyright  of any third party, and will pay any amounts
finally awarded thereon or agreed to by TigerGraph in settlement thereof;
provided that You provide TigerGraph with: (i) prompt written notice of such
claim; (ii) sole control over the defense and settlement of such claim; and
(iii) all information and assistance reasonably requested by TigerGraph for
the defense and settlement of such claim.
In the event an injunction is issued in such claim, TigerGraph may terminate
this Agreement.

b. Limitations.  TigerGraph will have no obligation to indemnify for any
claim of infringement to the extent such claim arises out of or is based
upon: (i) use of the Licensed Software combined with software, products, or
services not provided by TigerGraph; (ii) any alteration or modification of
the Licensed Software, in whole or in part, not made by TigerGraph; (iii)
Your failure to use the Licensed Software under this Agreement or
instructions provided by TigerGraph, or otherwise using the Licensed Software
for purposes for which it was not designed or intended; (iv) use of Licensed
Software provided by TigerGraph to comply with the designs, specifications,
or requirements requested by You; (v) any Third Party Software, or (vi) use
of any specified release of the Licensed Software after TigerGraph notifies
You that continued use of such release may subject You to a claim of
infringement, if TigerGraph provides You with a replacement release.

c. Disclaimer.  THE FOREGOING PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION STATE THE ENTIRE
LIABILITY AND OBLIGATIONS OF TIGERGRAPH, AND THE EXCLUSIVE REMEDY TO YOU,
WITH RESPECT TO ANY ACTUAL OR ALLEGED INFRINGEMENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS BY THE LICENSED SOFTWARE OR ANY PART THEREOF.

11. Limitation of Liability.  

EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO LIABILITY FOR BREACH OF CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS,
INDEMNITY OBLIGATIONS, MISUSE OR BREACH OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERY RIGHTS, UNDER
NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, WILL A PARTY OR ANY OF ITS LICENSORS
OR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE   HEREUNDER FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY,
PUNITIVE, RELIANCE, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT
LIMITATION ANY LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF USE, LOST PROFIT, LOSS OF DATA, OR
DAMAGE TO NETWORKS OR EQUIPMENT.  TIGERGRAPHS TOTAL LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF
OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY LICENSED SOFTWARE OR SERVICE SHALL NOT
EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY CUSTOMER FOR THE RESPECTIVE LICENSED SOFTWARE OR
SERVICE TO WHICH THE CLAIM RELATES DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD
IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE APPLICABLE CLAIM.  THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS APPLY
WHETHER A PARTY HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND
IRRESPECTIVE OF THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY
HEREIN.  CUSTOMER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT TIGERGRAPH'S ABILITY TO OFFER THE
LICENSED SOFTWARE TO CUSTOMER AT THE RATES PROVIDED IS AND THAT THE
LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION REPRESENT A REASONABLE ALLOCATION OF RISK FOR THE
PARTIES.

12. Miscellaneous.  

a. Any notice required or permitted to You shall be shall be given in writing
to the email address provided by You.  Any notice required or permitted to
Tigergraph shall be shall be given in writing to: TigerGraph, 3 Twin Dolphin
Drive, Suite 160, Redwood City California, 94065, Attention: Legal or to such
other address as TigerGraph may substitute by written notice. 
 
b. The Agreement will be governed by and construed under the laws of the
State of California, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of
law, and any dispute arising shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction
and venue of the courts in Santa Clara County, California.  The parties agree
that the Uniform Computer Information Transaction Act (or any statutory
implementation of it) and the United Nations Convention on the International
Sale of Goods will not apply regarding this Agreement or the parties'
relationship.  

c. This Agreement, and any rights and licenses granted, may not be
transferred or assigned by You without the prior written consent of
TigerGraph and any attempted assignment in violation of the foregoing will be
void.  For the foregoing, "assignment" will not include any transaction or
series of related transactions in which any previously unaffiliated third
party obtains control, directly or indirectly, over You, including by sale of
stock, merger, law, or otherwise.  TigerGraph may assign this Agreement
without restriction.  Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement will be
binding upon the parties' respective successors and permitted assigns.  

d. This Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement of the parties regarding
the subject, and supersedes all previous communications and agreements
between the parties regarding the subject. No amendment or modification will
be valid or binding upon either party unless made in writing and signed by
the authorized representatives of both parties.  This Agreement supersedes
all terms in any purchase order or other document submitted by You that are
additional to or inconsistent with this Agreement, and all such terms are
rejected.   If a portion of this Agreement is held unenforceable, the
unenforceable portion will be construed under applicable law nearly as
possible to reflect the original intentions of the parties, and the remainder
of the Agreement will remain in full force and effect. 
 
e. Failure to strictly enforce any provision of this Agreement will not be
construed as a waiver of any provision or right, and waiver by either party
of a breach of any provision or the failure by either party to exercise any
right shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any later breach of
that right or as a waiver of any other right.  

f. The parties agree that during negotiations, drafts will properly show
redlined changes. 

g. You agree to comply with all U.S. and foreign export control laws and
regulations applicable to the Licensed Software licensed.  

h. The parties may use logos and names of the other party for marketing
purposes only. This Agreement will not create or be deemed to create any
agency, partnership, or joint venture between the parties.

i. User Outside the U.S. If you are using the Licensed Software or
Documentation outside the U.S.A., then the following shall apply: (a) You
confirm that this Agreement and all related documentation is and will be in
the English language; (b) you are responsible for complying with any local
laws in your jurisdiction which might impact your right to import, export or
use the Licensed Software and Documentation, and you represent that you have
complied with any regulations or registration procedures required by
applicable law to make this license enforceable.

j. Export Controls. The Licensed Software and Documentation and the
underlying information and technology may not be downloaded or otherwise
exported or re-exported (a) into (or to a national or resident of) any
country to which the U.S. has embargoed goods; or (b) to anyone on the U.S.
Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S.
Commerce Department's Table of Deny Orders. By downloading or using the
Licensed Software and/or Documentation, you are agreeing to the foregoing and
you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of,
or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list and you
agree to comply with all export laws and other applicable laws.

k. U.S. Government End Users. The Licensed Software and Documentation each
were developed by private financing and constitute "Commercial Items," as
that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. 2.101. The Licensed Software consists of
"Commercial Computer Software" and "Commercial Computer Software
Documentation," as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212. Consistent with
48 C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, all U.S.
Government End Users acquire only those rights in the Licensed Software and
the Documentation that are specifically provided by this Agreement.
Consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.211, all U.S. Government End Users acquire only
technical data and the rights in that data customarily as specifically
provided in this Agreement.

